Good morning, Molly. A new day awaits you.
Many possibilities are on the horizon.
Every day is an opportunity
to write a new chapter in your story.
I just wanna say thank you. To all of you.
The past few months have been a dark time,
and I couldn't have gotten through it
without my support staff.
A special thank you
to Marisol for spooning with me
on my wedding anniversary.
That was above and beyond.
You're so warm.
But I'm much better now,
and I'm off to start my new life.
My first real day of work in a long,
long time.
So, I guess I'll see you all at 6:30?
That sounds so crazy just saying it,
doesn't it?
I love you guys so much.
And I just want to say,
I hope this all wears off soon,
and we get back to getting massages
and buying castles online.
Okay. Goodbye, everybody.
I guess enjoy the house while I'm gone!
What do we do now?
I don't know. I'm kinda gonna miss her.
We could go swimming.
…and that's our priority
moving forward.
Hello. There's a new kid in class today.
Are we doing a fun dress-up day today?
Is it '90s fashion Mondays?
These are just our clothes.
Well, you all look fantastic.
So, I just wanna say I am so excited
to begin this journey
to save the world together.
I just think if we all work together,
there is no problem that we can't solve.
Climate change, hunger.
I mean, fuck it. World peace.
The enthusiasm is appreciated, Molly,
but it's not quite that simple.
The foundation is mainly focused
on social services
here in Southern California.
And even then, with issues this big,
money alone can't fix everything.
Well, it can fix a lot of things.
I mean, John used it
to make himself a little bit taller.
You know, forget about it.
Let's get started.
Since it's Monday morning,
why don't we take five minutes
to talk about our weekends?
And begin.
You have a timer.
You were serious about the five minutes.
Cousin Molly, stop talking.
You're wasting precious seconds.
-Go.
-We need to hurry up
-and talk about our weekend.
-Yeah, I'll start.
I went on a hike out in Pasadena.
And it was a little chilly
Saturday morning,
so I doubled up on my pants.
Come on, this same story again?
Every week, it's the same.
It's cold, you double the pants,
it was too cloudy to see downtown.
Okay, it was actually a little more hazy
than cloudy this weekend, so…
Moving on.
I went to eat with some
of my sorority sisters.
We have tank tops that say,
"The Brunch Babes."
-No. White supremacy. Next.
-Okay.
I'll go. Lenny came over,
and we "Netflixed and chilled,"
and then we had sex.
Okay, Rhonda. Get yours.
Well, I had a very dramatic weekend.
Benihana. Fell on the grill.
-Burned my arm. Got a free mai tai.
-Oh, my God. What happened?
It's a crazy story,
so let me start at the beginning.
See, at Benihana,
they make the food right in front of you.
Howard, we already know that part.
I roll up solo, and they sit me
with this nice Korean family
celebrating their son's graduation.
He got into NYU. It was his first choice.
That's time.
So, tomorrow we have the meeting
with Councilmember Saldana
about the Alameda Street Housing Project.
I can't believe how long that meeting was.
What was that? Like, three hours?
-It's 9:50 a.m.
-Really?
And we have to be here till 6:30?
We don't have to be, though.
We don't have to do anything.
-That's why I'm so confused right now.
-No.
This is good for me. This is what I want.
What's next on the agenda?
Well, Sofia gave you
these research packets to read,
which cover all the organizations
that we currently fund.
And then,
there's this big box of additional packets
that cover all the organizations
that we might possibly fund in the future.
Well, I gotta power through this.
Page one.
-I'll go get your gloves out of the car.
-Thanks.
10:14. What the fuck?
Oh, my God. Hey, girl.
Hey, girl, what is up?
Nothing. Just reading some packets.
Okay, well, listen. I have amazing news.
Do you remember
that fragrance line that I told you about?
Well, this bad bitch
is launching it this week.
Oh, my God. That's awesome.
Congratulations.
Thank you,
but you need to get to Miami right now.
Dinner with the girls tomorrow night.
Drinks, dancing, huge party,
the whole shebang.
-Are you in?
-I would love to,
but I'm kind of at work right now.
Okay.
Wait. Are you being serious right now?
Yeah. I decided to do
a little bit more work with my foundation.
Okay. Well, just tell your people
you'll be out for the week
and get your butt over here.
I just-- I made a commitment
to do something new here.
So, I feel like I should
probably see it through.
You know?
I really, truly, don't know,
but you are welcome here anytime.
Okay, but we have to go
because the mojitos just got here.
Thank you. Bye! Miss you.
Bye.
That's my name.
I'm sorry, what's this for?
Well, it's courtesy of Ms. Wells.
She wanted to provide transportation
to the airport.
Airp--?
Surprise!
Okay, excuse my language for a second,
but what the fuck is going on here?
Well, in the words
of the immortal wordsmith,
Will Smith, "Bienvenidos a Miami."
Well, not quite yet,
but we'll land in a few hours.
-We're going to Miami!
-Why?
Well, since I'm new here,
I thought I don't really
know everyone yet,
and what better way to do that
than with a fabulous bonding retreat?
I don't even know
what's happening right now,
but we can't just fly to Miami
on a random Tuesday,
especially when we have a meeting
with Councilmember Saldana today.
I had Nicholas call her.
We're moving it to a Zoom.
A Zo-- I hate Zooms.
I don't get to show off my personality.
How the hell are they
gonna see my sweet side?
Sofia, look at everybody.
They're so excited.
Look, they're taking pictures of my plane.
Don't take this away from them.
It's all gonna work out. Come on.
-Come on.
-Fine.
She's coming. You guys, she's coming!
Welcome to my jet, everyone.
So, this is the main cabin.
You got the bar, the lounge area
and the work space up front.
A love seat on a plane.
Now I have seen everything.
And this is the recliner where I received
an almost too sensual massage
from Julianne Moore.
And this is the chocolate fountain
I ordered special for you guys.
Chocolate-dipped strawberries
on a private plane?
I'm living the American Dream,
being related to a rich person.
-Not too bad, huh?
-I've never seen this…
-You a chocolate fountain fan?
-I'm a fan of strong Wi-Fi.
Does this plane get Internet
so I can keep working?
It sure does.
And you know what else it has?
A hot tub in the back!
And we also have extra swim trunks
for anyone who needs them.
Yes, please.
I love getting in water right after I eat.
Hey, I've always wondered
what those circular things
on the back of the phone are for.
I have no idea.
I really don't. I was gonna ask you.
My daughter put it on.
She said my belt clip
was actively repelling women.
Well, she's not wrong.
If I were you,
I would keep that circle thing hidden,
or else women are gonna be
throwing themselves at you.
Well, so far it has not been a problem.
I actually don't think I'm quite ready
to jump back into the dating scene.
-Yeah, I hear you.
-Can't even remember the
last time I went on a date
with somebody that wasn't my wife.
I feel like it was, like, 1997.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I remember now,
because I took her
to go see Air Force One.
That's so funny.
I think I saw Air Force One on a date.
-Really?
-Yes.
It's one of my favorites.
"Get off my plane!"
"Get off my plane."
Yours is so much better.
It also works, 'cause this is your plane.
This is the captain speaking.
I apologize for the turbulence.
We are encountering
a little bit of weather.
It's gonna be fine, everyone.
William is the best.
He's flown jets for the Navy.
This kind of thing happens all the time.
It's no big--
Oh, fuck! Oh, shit! Oh, fucking holy shit!
Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck!
What are you doing?
If my face gets fucked up,
just cremate the body, okay?
Dude, why are you turned around right now?
-I don't know!
-Did you take your seat belt off?
I panicked. It was a bad instinct!
Oh, my God.
It's okay. It's all right.
Is everybody okay?
Sorry about that.
We've run into a small lightning storm.
They're saying we have to take a pit stop
here in Oklahoma City
and wait for the skies to clear up.
Apologies, once again.
How is that motherfucker so calm?
How long have we been stuck here?
About three hours.
I am so sorry about this, you guys.
What a bummer, right?
But these things do happen.
No, these things don't just happen.
You made it happen.
What, the storm?
No, the whole trip.
We were supposed
to be in a meeting right now,
but because we have no Wi-Fi,
we missed it.
And it's a bad look to explain
that we got on a private jet
to Miami instead of doing our jobs.
I mean, what is so important
about Miami anyways?
It's full of shitty nightclubs
and shittier drugs.
How dare you?
I will not have you bad-mouthing Miami,
or its drugs.
Which are exquisite, by the way.
Can we just tell them, please?
Tell us what?
We were invited to an amazing party
in Miami with all of our friends,
and Molly absolutely deserves to go,
because she's been through a lot.
What she doesn't deserve is judgment
from a bunch of people
who look like they were born
in a Sears clearance rack.
Wow. Bonding retreat, huh?
The party is in addition to the retreat.
It's just a small fragrance launch gala
emceed by Kevin Hart.
This wasn't about you getting to
know us. You wanted to have it both ways.
This is basically
a very luxurious kidnapping.
Okay. Excuse me for trying
to make your lives a little more fun.
I mean, I'm sorry.
But exactly five minutes
to discuss your weekend?
Come on, you guys.
I don't know, cuz.
Sofia might be tough
but at least she tells us the truth.
We always know where we stand.
Which is usually in the corner,
scared of her.
Okay, you know what?
I'm making
an executive decision right now.
I'm going back to LA,
in a regular-ass plane.
Anyone who wants to join,
more than welcome.
Yeah. Molly, this was fun,
but I should probably get back.
I shouldn't have left
without telling my daughter.
Yeah, I'm going too.
I have an appointment with my therapist,
and I got a feeling
we're gonna have a lot to talk about.
Come on, guys, it's just two nights.
I mean,
I really don't get what the big deal is.
You don't get it because your life
is different from everyone else's here.
It's completely frictionless.
Anything you want to happen happens.
Our lives are filled with friction.
We've got shit to do.
You can't just pack us up
and move us around like we're luggage.
If you see Kevin Hart,
will you show him my YouTube channel
where I taste-test cookies
from around the globe?
I will.
True, it's true, it's very true.
Oh, my God, you guys.
I have missed this so much.
So good to be with my girls.
Wait, before I forget.
-I know that the launch party is tomorrow…
-Yes.
…but I wanted
to do a sneak preview for my girls.
Yay!
Here.
-Jacinda.
-One for you. There you go.
-Gorgeous.
-So professional.
I know. It's called "Acquittal."
What? Is that because you
got acquitted at your trial?
Oh, my God.
I didn't even think about that. No.
I just liked the way it sounded.
-That's great.
-Try it.
-Oh, my God.
-I love it so much.
Stop.
Wow. That's something, huh?
It's really-- It really gets you.
In the back of your throat, huh?
What is that?
Yeah, so that is the civet musk,
and it comes from an African wildcat.
-That's what I'm tasting.
-Yes.
I think I'm tasting animal.
I am so proud of you.
-Babe, thank you. Thanks.
-And just--
-Did we all get the same one?
-Yes.
Okay. Can I--
Somehow that's stronger.
It is strong.
I love this bottle.
So elegant.
Gorgeous.
Excuse me? Hi. Excuse me.
Hi. I don't mean to be a bother,
but I wanted this part
of the patio to be private,
and you seated those people, like,
really close to us.
I'm so sorry.
It's about to get really busy here,
and we can't block off
the entire area anymore.
-I'm sorry.
-Okay, well, what about this?
What if I rented out the entire roof?
-Sweetie, you don't have to do that.
-No. No, no.
It's fine. They can eat inside.
It'll be great.
I guess I could go check on that.
Amazing. Thank you so much.
-Excuse me.
-Thank you.
Such a girl boss move.
Honestly, we deserve it.
The girls
are taking over Miami tonight.
-Refills!
-Me, me, me.
Here, here, here. Oh, God.
That is so good, I could bathe in it.
I could have, like, nine more.
I, like, don't have a tolerance.
Again, I am truly sorry for moving
this meeting around on you so much.
It was not ideal, but I'm here now.
I appreciate you for coming in
to the office, as well.
We all know how LA traffic is no joke.
And also an issue hopefully
we can fix at some point.
Why don't we jump right
into it and talk zoning?
As you know, our dream scenario
is that we could re-zone
this whole section of Alameda Street.
I'm glad you used the term
"dream" first and not me.
Because that's what it is, Ms. Salinas.
A total pipe dream.
We-- It doesn't to have
to be that way, though.
-We'll fight tooth and nail, and--
-Hey, everyone. Sorry I'm late.
Ms. Wells,
I didn't expect to see you today.
Are you kidding?
I wouldn't miss this for the world.
I live for zoning.
Now, Councilmember Saldana,
before we talk about your jacket,
which is stunning,
I just wanna say that Sofia here
has my full confidence.
She has been doing
the work here for years,
and she will do whatever it takes
to get the job done.
And I'm just here to support her
and supply my resources.
Which are gigantic.
Now, seriously,
tell me where you got that jacket.
-I appreciate you joining us today.
-It's my pleasure.
Sofia, why don't you continue?
Sure, let's carry on.
Alameda Street means so much to us.
So, as you can see,
I ditched the launch party.
Which was a big, big, big sacrifice
for a bunch of ungrateful little normies.
Thank you, Nicholas. It's all right.
What I did was unfair,
and I'm sorry about that.
I actually do wanna get
to know all of you better.
So, today after work,
I will be next door at Lucy's,
and everyone's invited.
I hope you can join me.
And if you can't, I totally get it.
No pressure. There's no kidnapping.
Let's go, Nicholas.
So, do you wanna order another drink,
or do you wanna call it?
Maybe we should go.
Hello.
-Hey.
-So glad you guys could make it.
-Yeah.
Hi.
I've just always loved service.
I spent the summers volunteering
in Uganda.
I thought about doing Teach for America,
but then I didn't wanna take jobs away
from union teachers.
That is so nice, Ainsley.
It's so inspiring.
Rhonda, how did you get started?
On what, dear?
You know what? You can tell me later.
Sofia, what about you?
When did you know you wanted
to do this job?
-When I was eight.
-Really?
That's crazy. You were just a kid.
Yeah. I was eight years old
when my dad fell and hurt his knee.
He was laid off
'cause he couldn't do the job.
My parents tried bargaining
with the landlord, but nothing worked.
So, one day in January,
we packed all our stuff
and moved it into a storage unit.
That night, we slept in our car.
I mean, eventually, my dad got better
and we got back on our feet,
but I will never forget the feeling I had
the first night sleeping in the back seat.
-Man, that's tough.
-Yeah, it's tough.
But it turned out to be
one of the best days of my life.
Because that was the day I discovered
why I was put on this Earth.
I realized how fragile things were.
And if it could happen to us,
it can happen to anyone.
Even at eight,
I knew I didn't want that happening
to anyone else ever again.
Goddamn, you never told us that.
You're like Batman and shit.
Yeah. The Dark Knight of charity.
I guess I'm kind of like Batman, you know.
Cool as shit and looks good in black.
Thanks for sharing.
Sure.
Hey. I just want to say,
last night in Miami,
I was really close to just saying,
"Fuck it,"
and leaving you alone to do your job.
You can still totally do that if you want.
-I know. But I'm not going to.
-Why not?
Because you guys are having
a really positive effect on me.
Especially you.
I don't have to do that.
It's really beautiful,
the lessons you're teaching me.
-I'm not trying to teach you lessons.
-And yet,
here you are, not even trying,
but still being a wonderful teacher.
That's really not my intention in any way.
-You're an inspiration.
-Okay.
I'll see you tomorrow. And the next day.
And the next day.
Actually, Friday there's a thing
in St. Barts I might wanna go to,
but definitely next week.
And the week after that,
and the week after that.
-I'll see you.
-Okay.